0.  GIF uses 8 bits per pixel which would correspond to 256 colors.
    BMP, JPEG, and PNG use 24 bits per pixel which would correspond to 2 to the 24.
    This is around 16 million colors.
    BMP also supports 1, 4, 8, 24, and 32 bit color.
    This would correspond to 2 to however many bits BMP is using of colors.
1.  GIFs
2.  Lossy compression discards data when it compresses it.
    Lossless compression takes the compressed file and recreates the original.
3.  JPEGs
4.  An indicator is changed to signify if the file is deleted.
    The FAT cluster is moved to the location of other free clusters.
5.  You can physically destroy the hard drive.
    You can use a magnetic field to randomize the binary.
    You can overwrite where the file is.
6.  Stdint.h (a library) that declares sets of integer types with specific widths.
    It also defines their corresponding set of macros.
    (For integers with exact numbers of bits).
7.  You don't have to detect the number of bits when you use them.
    If you want an unsized integer of a byte, you could just uint8_t.
    It's also cross-platform, so 64 or 32-bit systems compile it uniformly.
8.  BYTE is 1 byte (8 bits).
    DWORD is 4 bytes (32 bits).
    LONG is 4 bytes (32 bits).
    WORD is 2 bytes (16 bits).
9.  The first two characters in ASCII encoding are 'BM'.
10. bfSize refers to the BITMAPFILEHEADER and thus refers to size of the file.
        bfSize refers to the number of bytes of the bitmap file.
    biSize refers to the BITMAPINFOHEADER and thus refers to size of DIB.
        DIB is device-independent bitmap.
        biSize refers to the number of bytes that the structure needs.
11. This means the DIB is top-down.
    The start point is in the upper left-hand corner instead of right-hand.
12. biBitCount determines color depth.
13. There might not be enough memory.
14. fread always uses 1 because it only reads one element of data.
15. Padding would equal 3.
16. fseek sets where the cursor is in inside the file.
17. SEEK_CUR is a location signifying the current placement of the cursor. 
18. Fozzie Bear
